# Global Privacy Policy
## Last Updated August 30, 2019
Ivan’s Herbs respects your right to privacy. This Privacy Notice explains who we are, how we collect, share and use personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights. This Privacy Notice only applies to personal information that we collect through our website at www.ivansherbs.nl and www.ivansherbs.com (collectively, the “Site”). This Privacy Notice applies to you if you use our Site in the European Economic Area or UK.
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, then please contact us using the contact details provided at the bottom of this Privacy Notice.
### 1. What Does Ivan’s Herbs Do?
Ivan’s Herbs enables consumers to find, purchase, and use a wide range of herbal products that are beneficial to human health.
### 2. What Personal Information Does Ivan’s Herbs Collect?
We collect or receive personal information in a few different ways via the Site. Often, you choose what information to provide, but sometimes we require certain information in order for you to use, and for us to provide you with, the Site and the experiences you reserve or access through the Site.
**Data You Provide To Us.**
There are a variety of different ways you will provide data to us, such as:
	•	Account Creation. To create an account, you need to provide data including information such as your name, email address, phone number and a password. If you make a purchase or sign up for a subscription, you will need to provide payment and billing information.
	•	Profile. To complete your profile, you may provide other information, such as a photo or birthdate.
	•	Posting and Uploading. We collect personal information from you when you provide, post or upload it to our Site, such as when you respond to a health survey.
	•	Third Party Data. You may not provide information to us about someone else unless you have obtained the prior consent of the other person for us to receive and use their information, such as for emergency contact or referral purposes.
**Data Collected Automatically Through Your Use of the Site.**
	•    We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Site, such as when you view or click on content or ads, perform a search, or browse. Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include information like internet protocol (“IP”) address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location) and other technical information. We may also collect the information if you view or click on our content or ads displayed on third party websites or apps.We may also collect information about how your device has interacted with our Site, including the pages accessed and links clicked.
	•	We may also collect precise geolocation data pertaining to your mobile device, if you have consented to this. We may use this information to provide, promote, and improve our services and for related reasons, such as fraud prevention and security purposes. The information we collect automatically enables us to better understand the visitors who come to our Site, where they come from, and what content on our Site is of interest to them. This enables us to improve the quality and relevance of our Site to our visitors.
	
**Cookies, Web Beacons and Other Similar Technologies.**
	•	We use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, pixels, ad tags and device identifiers) to recognise you and/or your device(s), including when you use different devices. To learn more, including how to change your cookie settings, please see our Cookie Notice.
**Data From Others.**
	•	From time to time, we may receive personal information about you from third party sources to assist us in providing, evaluating and improving our Site and offerings, but only where these third parties are legally permitted or required to disclose your personal information to us. We may also collect information from third-party services like Facebook if you use one of these services to log into or integrate with our Site. This information may include your name, email address, age, gender, city, and state or your friends or contacts on such sites. Logging in through these third-party services may allow you to interact with other users that maintain accounts through those services. Further, if you choose to integrate your Ivan’s Herbs account with your iOS HealthKit or similar application, we may receive certain sensitive personal information such as heart rate and calorie information to help track your activity, personalize your experience and improve our service.
### 3. What Does Ivan’s Herbs Do with the Personal Information it Collects?
Ivan’s Herbs uses personal information it receives for several purposes
	•	Site: To operate and maintain our Site and the products and services offered through our Site. For example, we use personal information to fulfill your reservation and purchase requests, including processing payments, and to customise your experience on our Site, such as by tailoring the content or experiences we show you.
	•	Service-related Communications: To contact you through email, phone, postal mail, notices posted on our websites or apps, and other ways. We will send you messages about the availability of our Site, security, customer service, or other service-related issues. Please be aware that you cannot opt-out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices.
	•	Customer Support: In connection with customer service inquiries and matters, such as to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and service issues.
	•	Marketing: For marketing purposes, such as to develop our marketing strategy and to offer contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions and to fulfill any related awards or discounts. We may also send marketing communications to you in accordance with your communications preferences. You may change your communication preferences at any time and opt-out of marketing communications, as described below under the heading "Your data protection rights".
	•	Research and Development: For research, analytical, recordkeeping, and reporting purposes; to develop and test new products, features and ideas; to learn about our customer base and Site and to evolve and improve our Site, products and services.
	•	Security and Investigations: We use your information to maintain the security of our Site, including to verify your identify, to run credit checks, investigate or prevent possible fraud or other violations of our Terms of Use or this Privacy Notice and/or in connection with possible attempts to harm our members, visitors, studio partners or other third parties.
	•	Other: For any other purpose identified at the point of collection or otherwise with your consent.
### 4. What is the Legal Basis for Processing Personal Information?
Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect personal information from you only where we have your consent to do so (such as where we obtain your consent to process precise latitude/longitude coordinates), where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you (such as for billing purposes), or where the processing is in our legitimate interests (to provide membership purposes, deliver direct marketing or for fraud prevention) and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading below.
### 5. Who does Ivan’s Herbs Share My Personal Information With?
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients or in the following circumstances:
	•	third party services providers and partners who provide data processing services to us (for example, to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Site, payment card processors, customer support vendors, hosting vendors, scheduling providers and market research and marketing vendors, including but not limited to Stripe Inc., AWS), or who otherwise process personal information for purposes that are described in this Privacy Notice or notified to you when we collect your personal information.
	•	to our group companies, to provide, develop, improve, and analyze the Site and our offerings.
	•	to any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary as a matter of applicable law or regulation, to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or to protect your vital interests or those of any other person;
	•	in connection with an actual or potential merger, sale, acquisition, investment, assignment, reorganization, joint venture, or transfer of all or part of Ivan’s Herbs’ business, assets, affiliates, including if Ivan’s Herbs should ever file for bankruptcy or a related proceeding, provided that we inform the relevant third party it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Notice;
	•	to your employer (or similar entity), if you participate in any enterprise solutions or corporate programs;
	•	to any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
### 6. How does Ivan’s Herbs Keep My Personal Information Secure?
We use appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect the personal information that we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information. We monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot guarantee 100% security of any information that you send us.
### 7. International Data Transfers
Your personal information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective). Specifically, our Site servers are located in the United States, and our group companies and third-party service providers and partners operate around the world. This means that when we collect your personal information we may process it in any of these countries.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Notice. These include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information between our group companies, which require all group companies to protect personal information they process from the EEA in accordance with European Union data protection law. Our Standard Contractual Clauses can be provided on request. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third-party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request.
### 8. Data Retention
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
### 9. Your data protection rights
You have the following data protection rights:
	•	If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal information, you can do so by contacting us as explained below. You will also be able to carry out some of this by yourself on our Site by logging into and updating your account.
	•	In addition, you can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us.
	•	You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails we send you or via our preference center. To opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), then please contact us.
	•	Similarly, if we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
	•	You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. (Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area are available here and for the UK are here.)
You may contact us as explained in the “How to contact us” heading below. We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
### 10. Third Party Sites
Our Site may contain links to third-party websites or mobile apps, including social sharing features and other related tools. Please be aware that Ivan’s Herbs does not control these linked websites or apps and that this Privacy Notice does not apply to any information you give to the owner of these websites or apps. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of any third-party website or app that you visit before you provide them with any information.
### 11. Updates to this Privacy Notice
We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Privacy Notice, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material Privacy Notice changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws. You can see when this Privacy Notice was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Privacy Notice.
### 12. How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please contact Ivan’s Herbs VOF here.
## Cookie Notice
Last updated: August 30, 2019
This Cookie Notice explains how Ivan’s Herbs and its subsidiaries (collectively “Ivan’s Herbs”, “we”, “us”, and “ours” use cookies and similar technologies to recognise you when you visit our websites (“Site”). It explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them.
### What are cookies?
Cookies are small data files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Cookies are widely used by website owners in order to make their websites work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide reporting information.
Cookies set by the website owner (in this case, Ivan’s Herbs) are called "first party cookies". Cookies set by parties other than the website owner are called "third party cookies". Third party cookies enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or through the website (e.g. like advertising, interactive content and analytics). The parties that set these third-party cookies can recognise your computer both when it visits the website in question and also when it visits certain other websites.
### Why do we use cookies?
We use first party and third-party cookies for several reasons. Third parties serve cookies through our Sites for advertising, analytics and other purposes. This is described in more detail below.
First and third-party cookies served through our Sites and the purposes they perform are described below:
	•	Essential website cookies: These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our Sites and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas.
	•	Performance and functionality cookies: These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our Sites but are non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality may become unavailable.
	•	Analytics and customisation cookies: These cookies collect information that is used either: (i) in aggregate form to help us understand how our Sites are being used or how effective are marketing campaigns are, or (ii) to help us customise our Sites for you.
	•	Advertising cookies: These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you and they perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing and in some cases selecting and displaying advertisements to you across the internet that are based on your interests.
	•	Social networking cookies: These cookies are used to enable you to share pages and content that you find interesting on our Sites through third party social networking and other websites. These cookies may also be used for advertising purposes too.
### What about other tracking technologies?
Cookies are not the only way to recognise or track visitors to a website. We may use other, similar technologies from time to time, like web beacons (sometimes called "tracking pixels" or "clear gifs"). These are tiny graphics files that contain a unique identifier that enable us to recognise when someone has visited our Sites or opened an e-mail that we have sent them. This allows us, for example, to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our Sites to another, to deliver or communicate with cookies, to understand whether you have come to our Sites from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, to improve site performance, and to measure the success of e-mail marketing campaigns. In many instances, these technologies are reliant on cookies to function properly, and so declining cookies will impair their functioning.
### Does Ivan’s Herbs serve targeted advertising?
As described above, third parties may serve cookies on your computer or mobile device through the Sites to serve advertising. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide relevant advertisements about goods and services that you may be interested in. They may also employ technology that is used to measure the effectiveness of advertisements. This can be accomplished by them using cookies or web beacons to collect information about your visits to this and other sites in order to provide relevant advertisements about goods and services of potential interest to you. The information collected through this process does not enable us or them to identify your name, contact details or other directly personally identifying details unless you choose to provide these.
### How can I control cookies?
You have the right to decide whether to accept or reject cookies. You can exercise your cookie preferences for certain third-party cookies by clicking on the appropriate opt-out links provided below. You can also set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our Site though your access to some functionality and areas of our website may be restricted, you may worsen your overall user experience, since it will no longer be personalized to you and it may also stop you from saving customized settings like login information. As the means by which you can refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from browser-to-browser, you should visit your browser's help menu for more information. To revoke consent, users may disable cookies by modifying their browser settings. The links listed below provide more information about what cookies are installed and how to allow, block or remove cookies from your computer. Depending on which browser you use, you may follow these links:
	•	Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/products/firefox/protect-your-privacy/cookies
	•	Chrome: http://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=es&answer=95647
	•	Safari: http://support.apple.com/kb/ph5042
	•	Explorer: http://windows.microsoft.com/es-es/windows7/how-to-manage-cookies-in-internet-explorer-9 In addition, most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of targeted advertising. If you would like to find out more information, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ , https://www.networkadvertising.org/, or http://www.youronlinechoices.com. Please bear in mind that there are many more networks listed on that site than those that we use on our Website.
We use Google cookies for analytics and marketing purposes. You can opt-out of Google tracking through Google Ads Settings or any other available means. Google also provides a Google Analytics opt-out plug-in for the web.
### What is Do Not Track (DNT)?
DNT is a concept that has been promoted by regulatory agencies such as the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), for the Internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism for allowing Internet users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites by using browser settings. The World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) has been working with industry groups, Internet browsers, technology companies, and regulators to develop a DNT technology standard. While some progress has been made, it has been slow. No standard has been adopted to this date. As such, Ivan’s Herbs does not generally respond to "do not track" signals.
How often will this Cookie Notice be updated?
We may update this Cookie Notice from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to the cookies we use or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. Please therefore revisit this Cookie Notice regularly to stay informed about our use of cookies and related technologies.
The date at the top of this Cookie Notice indicates when it was last updated.
### Where can I get further information?
If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies, please contact us here.
